("Here" by David Byrne playing)
♪ Here is a region ♪
♪ Of abundant details ♪
♪ That is seldom used ♪
♪ And here is a region ♪
♪ That continues living ♪
♪ Even when the other ♪
♪ Sections are removed ♪
♪ Put your hand
out of your pocket ♪
♪ Wipe the sweat
off of your brow ♪
♪ Now it feels like
a bad connection ♪
♪ No more
information now ♪
♪ As it passes
through your neurons ♪
♪ Like a whisper in the dark ♪
♪ Raise your eyes
to one who loves you ♪
♪ It is safe
right where you are ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Here is an area ♪
♪ Of great confusion ♪
♪ Here is a section ♪
♪ That's extremely precise ♪
♪ And here is an area ♪
♪ That needs attention ♪
♪ Here's the connection ♪
♪ To the opposite side ♪
♪ Here, too many sounds ♪
♪ For your brain
to comprehend ♪
♪ Here the sound
gets organized ♪
♪ Into things
that make some sense ♪
♪ Here there is something ♪
♪ We call hallucination ♪
♪ Is it the truth ♪
♪ Or merely
a description? ♪
♪ Here ♪
Thank you.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for...
Thank you for leaving your homes.
My name's David Byrne.
Thank you.
I can't take any credit for that.
I had no choice in the matter.
I read something,
well, kinda surprising
and amazing the other day.
I read that babies' brains
have hundreds of millions
more neural connections
than we do as adults,
and that as we grow up,
we lose these connections.
So I wondered to myself,
what does this mean?
Does this mean that babies
are smarter than we are
and that as we grow up,
we get stupider and stupider
until we reach a...
a plateau of stupidity?
Which is where most of us are now.
Well...
♪ ♪
What happens is...
we keep the connections
that are useful to us,
and, yes, there's a process
of pruning and elimination,
and we get rid of a lot of the others
until the ones that are left
define who we are as a person,
who we are as people.
They define how we perceive the world,
and the world appears
to make some kinda sense to us.
And maybe round about that time
we start asking ourselves
various questions
like, "Who am I?
"What do I want?
"How do I work this?
"What are those people
doing over there?
"Should I be doing that?
"Are they looking at me?
"Are they like me?
"Should I go over and talk to them?
Huh, maybe not."
Try to figure this out,
wondering if there's,
you know, wondering if
there's a logic to it
and wondering if it's supposed
to make some kinda sense.
("I Know Sometimes
a Man Is Wrong" playing)
♪ I know sometimes
a man is wrong ♪
I do believe ♪
♪ I know sometimes
a man is wrong ♪
♪ I'll be wrong ♪
♪ Until you're
next to me ♪
♪ I know sometimes ♪
♪ The world is wrong ♪
♪ I know sometimes
I do believe ♪
♪ I know sometimes ♪
♪ The world is wrong ♪
♪ They'll be wrong ♪
♪ Until you're next to me ♪
("Don't Worry About
the Government" playing)
♪ I see the clouds
that move across the sky ♪
♪ I see the wind
that moves the clouds away ♪
♪ It moves the clouds
over by the building ♪
♪ I pick the building
that I want to live in ♪
♪ I smell the pine trees
and the peaches in the woods ♪
♪ I see the pine cones
that fall by the highway ♪
♪ That's the highway
that goes to the building ♪
♪ That's the building
that I want to live in ♪
♪ It's over there ♪
♪ My building
has every convenience ♪
♪ It's gonna make
life easy for me ♪
♪ It's gonna be easy
to get things done ♪
♪ I will relax alone
with my loved ones ♪
♪ Loved ones, loved ones ♪
♪ Visit the building ♪
♪ Take the highway, park ♪
♪ And come up
and see me ♪
♪ I'll be working, working ♪
♪ But if you come visit ♪
♪ I'll put down
what I'm doing ♪
♪ My friends
are important ♪
♪ Don't you worry
'bout me ♪
♪ I wouldn't worry
about me ♪
♪ Don't you worry 'bout me ♪
♪ Don't you worry
'bout me ♪
♪ I see the states
across this big nation ♪
♪ I see the laws made
in Washington, D.C. ♪
♪ I think of the ones
I consider my favorites ♪
♪ I think of the people
that are working for me ♪
♪ Some civil servants are
just like my loved ones ♪
♪ They work so hard,
and they try to be strong ♪
♪ I'm a lucky guy
to live in my building ♪
♪ They own these buildings
to help them along ♪
♪ It's over there ♪
♪ My building
has every convenience ♪
♪ It's gonna make
life easy for me ♪
♪ It's gonna be easy
to get things done ♪
♪ I will relax along
with my loved ones ♪
♪ Loved ones, loved ones ♪
♪ Visit the building ♪
♪ Take the highway, park ♪
♪ And come up and see me ♪
♪ I'll be working, working ♪
♪ But if you come visit ♪
♪ I'll put down
what I'm doing ♪
♪ My friends
are important ♪
♪ Don't you worry 'bout me ♪
♪ I wouldn't
worry about me ♪
♪ Don't you worry 'bout me ♪
♪ Don't you worry 'bout ♪
♪ Me ♪
("Lazy" playing)
♪ I'm ♪
♪ Wicked and I'm lazy ♪
♪ Oh-oh, don't you
wanna save me? ♪
♪ I'm lazy
when I'm lovin' ♪
♪ I'm lazy when I play ♪
♪ I'm lazy with my girlfriend
1,000 times a day ♪
♪ I'm lazy
when I'm speaking ♪
♪ I'm lazy when I talk ♪
♪ I'm lazy when I'm dancin' ♪
♪ And I'm lazy when I walk ♪
♪ I open up my mouth ♪
♪ Air comes rushing out ♪
♪ Nothing doing,
nada, never ♪
♪ How you
like me now? ♪
♪ Wouldn't it be mad? ♪
♪ Wouldn't it be fine? ♪
♪ Lazy, lucky lady dancin',
loving all the time? ♪
♪ Oh, I'm wicked and I'm lazy ♪
♪ Oh-oh, don't you
wanna save me? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Imagine there's
a girlfriend ♪
♪ Imagine there's a job ♪
♪ Imagine there's an answer ♪
♪ Imagine there's a God ♪
♪ Imagine I'm a devil ♪
♪ Imagine I'm a saint ♪
♪ Lazy money, lazy sexy,
lazy outta space ♪
♪ No tears are falling
from my eyes ♪
♪ I'm keeping
all the pain inside ♪
♪ Now, don't you wanna
live with me? ♪
♪ I'm lazy
as a man can be ♪
♪ Oh, I'm wicked and I'm lazy ♪
♪ Oh-oh, don't you wanna
save me? ♪
♪ Lazy when I work,
lazy all the day ♪
♪ Screaming all you like ♪
♪ But it only fades away ♪
♪ I'm lazy when I'm praying ♪
♪ Lazy on the job ♪
♪ Got a lazy mind,
a lazy eye ♪
♪ A lazy, lazy father ♪
♪ Hard men ♪
♪ Hard lives ♪
♪ Hard keeping it all inside ♪
♪ Good times ♪
♪ Good God ♪
♪ So lazy I almost stop ♪
♪ Oh, I'm wicked
and I'm lazy ♪
♪ Oh-oh, don't you
wanna save me? ♪
♪ Oh, I'm wicked
and I'm lazy ♪
♪ Oh-oh, don't you
wanna save me? ♪
♪ ♪
Thank you.
You know,
meeting people is hard,
but I know...
I know we have to do it.
These people over here,
they all met through apps.
Totally working for them.
These people over here...
don't need apps.
They're just supremely confident.
Well, some of 'em might be bluffing.
Some of 'em might be putting up a front
but that doesn't matter
'cause it's all working for them.
Meanwhile I'm...
Well, you know, observing,
trying to figure this out.
Objectively...
objectively I could never
figure out why,
why looking at a person
should be any more interesting
than looking at any other thing,
like, say, a bicycle
or a beautiful sunset
or, mm, nice bag of potato chips.
But, yeah, looking at people?
That's the best.
("This Must Be the Place" playing)
♪ Home is where I want to be ♪
♪ Pick me up
and turn me round ♪
♪ I feel numb ♪
♪ Born with a weak heart ♪
♪ Guess I must be
having fun ♪
♪ The less we say
about it the better ♪
♪ Make it up
as we go along ♪
♪ Feet on the ground ♪
♪ Head in the sky ♪
♪ It's okay ♪
♪ I know nothing's wrong ♪
♪ Nothing ♪
♪ Hi yo ♪
♪ I got plenty of time ♪
♪ You got light in your eyes ♪
♪ And you're standing here
beside me ♪
♪ I love the passing of time ♪
♪ Never for money ♪
♪ Always for love ♪
♪ Cover up and say good night ♪
♪ Say good night ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Home is where
I want to be ♪
♪ But I guess
I'm already there ♪
♪ I come home ♪
♪ She lifted up her wings ♪
♪ I guess that this
must be the place ♪
♪ I can't tell
one from another ♪
♪ Did I find you
or you find me? ♪
♪ There was a time
before we were born ♪
♪ If someone asks,
this is where I'll be ♪
♪ Where I'll be ♪
♪ Hi yo ♪
♪ We drift in and out ♪
♪ Sing into my mouth ♪
♪ Out of all those
kinds of people ♪
♪ You got a face
with a view ♪
♪ I'm just an animal
looking for a home ♪
♪ And share the same space
for a minute or two ♪
♪ And you love me
till my heart stops ♪
♪ Love me till I'm dead ♪
♪ Eyes that light up ♪
♪ Eyes look through you ♪
♪ Cover up the blank spots ♪
♪ Hit me on the head ♪
♪ I got... ♪
♪ Ah, ooh ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
Thank you!
Thank you.
There's more.
My friend Brian Eno
suggested that we use
a nonsense poem by a Dada artist
as the lyrics for this next song,
which we did.
I was familiar with
a different Dada artist
who also wrote nonsense poetry.
His name was Kurt Schwitters,
and he recorded one of these in 1932.
It was called the "Ursonate,"
the primeval sonate.
Schwitters and some
of the others in the...
this group were, well...
they were using nonsense to make sense
of a world that didn't make sense.
To help explain a little bit
what that means,
here's a little bit
of the "Ursonate."
It goes on like that for 40 minutes.
It'd be a different kinda movie.
The world they were trying
to make sense of, it...
Yes, it was pretty crazy.
Uh, there had recently
been an economic crash.
Uh, the Nazis were coming to power.
This is 1932,
and quite a few of
the countries they lived in
were sliding into fascism.
The Dada artist Hugo Ball
said that their artistic aims
were to remind the world
that there are people
of different, independent minds
beyond war and nationalism
who live for different ideals.
Hugo Ball wrote the words
to this next song.
("I Zimbra" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ Gadji beri bimba clandridi ♪
♪ Lauli lonni cadori gadjam ♪
♪ A Bim beri glassala
glandride glassala ♪
♪ Tuffm, I zimbra ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Bim blassa
galassasa zimbrabim ♪
♪ Blassa glallassasa
zimbrabim ♪
♪ A bim beri glassala
grandrid e glassala ♪
♪ Tuffm, I zimbra ♪
♪
♪ Gadji beri bimba glandridi ♪
♪ Lauli lonni cadori gadjam ♪
♪ A bim beri
glassala glandrid ♪
♪ E glassala tuffm ♪
♪ I zimbra ♪
♪ ♪
Whoo!
("Slippery People" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ What about the time? ♪
♪ You were rollin' over ♪
♪ Fall on your face ♪
♪ You must be having fun ♪
♪ Walk lightly ♪
♪ Think of a time ♪
♪ You'd best believe
that this thing is real ♪
♪ Now put away that gun ♪
♪ This part is simple ♪
♪ Try to recognize
what is in your mind ♪
♪ God help us,
help us lose our minds ♪
♪ These slippery people,
help us understand ♪
♪ What's the matter
with him? ♪
♪ He's all right ♪
- ♪ How do you know? ♪
- ♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
- ♪ Don't know no games ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
♪ Love from the bottom
to the top ♪
- ♪ Turn like a wheel ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
♪ See for yourself ♪
♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
- ♪ We're gonna move ♪
- ♪ Right now ♪
♪ Turn like a wheel
inside a wheel ♪
♪ I remember when ♪
♪ Sitting in the tub ♪
♪ Pulled out the plug ♪
♪ The water was running out ♪
♪ Cool down ♪
♪ Stop acting crazy ♪
♪ They're gonna leave ♪
♪ And we'll be
on our own now ♪
♪ Seven times five ♪
♪ They were living creatures ♪
♪ Watch 'em come to life ♪
♪ Right before your eyes ♪
♪ Backsliding ♪
♪ How do you do? ♪
♪ These slippery people ♪
♪ Gonna see you through ♪
- ♪ What's the matter with him? ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
- ♪ How do you know? ♪
- ♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
- ♪ Don't know no games ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
♪ Love from the bottom
to the top ♪
- ♪ Turn like a wheel ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
- ♪ See for yourself ♪
- ♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
- ♪ We're gonna move ♪
- ♪ Right now ♪
- ♪ Turn like a wheel ♪
- ♪ Inside a wheel ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Bi, b-b-bi, b-bi, b-bi ♪
♪ B-b-bi, b-b-bi, bi-bi b-bi ♪
♪ Bi, bi, bi, bi,
bi, bi, bi ♪
♪ B-b-bi, b-b-bi,
b-bi, bi, b-bi ♪
♪ Bi, b-b-bi, b-bi, b-bi ♪
♪ B-b-bi, bi, bi, bi, bi, bi,
bi, bi, bi, bi, b-bi ♪
♪ Bi, b-b-bi, bi, b-b-bi ♪
♪ Bi, bi, bi, bi, bi,
bi, bi, bi, bi, bi ♪
♪ What's the matter
with him? ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
- ♪ How do you know? ♪
- ♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
- ♪ Don't know no games ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
- ♪ And we're going to the top ♪
- ♪ Turn like a wheel ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
- ♪ See for yourself ♪
- ♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
- ♪ We're gonna move ♪
- ♪ Right now ♪
♪ Turn like a wheel
inside a wheel ♪
♪ What's the matter
with him? ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
- ♪ How do you know? ♪
♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
- ♪ Don't know no games ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
♪ Love from the bottom
to the top ♪
- ♪ Turn like a wheel ♪
- ♪ He's all right ♪
- ♪ See for yourself ♪
- ♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
- ♪ We're gonna move ♪
- ♪ Right now ♪
♪ Turn like a wheel
inside a wheel ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
♪ Love from the bottom
to the top ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ The Lord won't mind ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Turn like a wheel
inside a wheel ♪
Thank you!
Whoo!
Thank you.
In 1976, the band I was in,
Talking Heads, got...
we got a record contract.
Okay...
Thank you. It was a contract
but not for very much money.
I spent some of my money
on a Sony Trinitron color television.
The screen was about that big,
but it was, it was
state-of-the-art in those days.
I must have still been a little bit,
a little bit isolated,
still trying to figure things out,
and I had an idea
that to help with that,
I should watch more TV.
Okay, I saw the TV
as being a kind of window,
and I would see the hopes and dreams
and aspirations and foibles
of my fellow Americans,
and I might learn something
about myself as well,
and maybe,
maybe I'd get some answers
to those questions
that I was asking myself earlier.
And I wondered to myself,
did the TV contain those
millions of lost connections
between me and them and them and me?
("I Should Watch TV" playing)
♪ I used to think
that I should watch TV ♪
that it was good for me ♪
♪ Wanted to know
what folks were thinking ♪
♪ To understand
the land I live in ♪
♪ And I would lose myself ♪
♪ And it would set me free ♪
♪ This is the place
where common people go ♪
♪ A global franchise ♪
♪ One department store ♪
♪ Yes, there were many
awkward moments ♪
♪ I had to do
some self-atonement ♪
♪ Well, if I opened up ♪
♪ Well, it would set me free ♪
♪ I know, I like ♪
♪ Behold and love
this giant ♪
♪ Big soul, big lips ♪
♪ That's me, and I am this ♪
♪ Everybody gets
a touched-up hairdo ♪
♪ Everybody's
in the passing lane ♪
♪ Had a reason
they can touch all channels ♪
♪ The weird things
that live in there ♪
♪ ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ I took a walk ♪
♪ Down to the park today ♪
♪ I wrote a song called
"Just Like You and Me" ♪
♪ I heard the jokes
from the sports reporters ♪
♪ The rival teams
when they faced each other ♪
♪ The more I lost myself ♪
♪ The more it set me free ♪
♪ ♪
♪ How am I not your brother? ♪
♪ How are you not like me? ♪
♪ Everybody's
in the hotel lobby ♪
♪ I'm living in here
Yes, I am ♪
♪ I feel it moving
in my arms and fingers ♪
♪ Touch me and feel my pain ♪
♪ ♪
♪ All right
It's good to lose ♪
♪ And it's good
to win sometimes ♪
♪ It's good to die
and it's good to be alive ♪
♪ Maybe someday
we can stand together ♪
♪ Not afraid of
what our eyes might see ♪
♪ Maybe someday
understand them better ♪
♪ The weird things
inside of me ♪
About a year ago,
I invited a high school choir
in Detroit, Michigan,
to do an interpretation
of this next song.
The song's called
"Everybody's Coming to My House."
Thank you.
And in my version,
and that's the version
you're gonna hear...
It... It kinda sounds like
the singer is not sure how he feels
about everybody
coming over to his house.
And you can sense, although
he never says it in the song,
you can sense that he's thinking,
"When are they gonna leave?"
In contrast, their version...
And this was kind of
a profound thing for me.
They didn't change a single lyric.
They didn't change the melody,
and yet their version has
a completely different meaning.
Their version seems to be
about welcome,
inviting everyone over, inclusion.
I kinda liked their version better,
and I didn't know how they did it.
Unfortunately, I am what I am.
Not sure how to take that applause.
We have people from many parts
of the world in this band.
Uh, I myself,
I'm a naturalized citizen.
I... My parents brought me over
from Scotland when I was little.
Yeah!
We have people from
Brazil, France, Colombia.
Most of us are immigrants, and
we couldn't do it without them.
("Everybody's Coming
to My House" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ I wish I was a camera ♪
♪ I wish I was a postcard ♪
♪ I welcome you to my house ♪
♪ You didn't
have to go far ♪
♪ Well, there's a house
and a garden ♪
♪ There are plants and trees ♪
♪ Make a closer inspection ♪
♪ If you get, get down
on your knees ♪
♪ Now, everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ And I'm never
gonna be alone ♪
♪ Yeah, everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ And they're never
gonna go back home ♪
♪ I'm pointing
and describing ♪
♪ And I can be your guide ♪
♪ The skin is
just a road map ♪
♪ The view is very nice ♪
♪ Imagine looking
at a picture ♪
♪ Imagine driving in a car ♪
♪ Imagine rolling
down the window ♪
♪ Imagine opening
the door ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ I'm never gonna be alone ♪
♪ And they're never
gonna go back home ♪
♪ ♪
♪ We're only tourists
in this life ♪
♪ Only tourists,
but the view is nice ♪
♪ And we're never gonna
go back home ♪
♪ No, we're never
gonna go back home ♪
♪ We're only tourists
in this life ♪
♪ Only tourists,
but the view is nice ♪
♪ And everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ And I'm never
gonna be alone ♪
♪ Yeah, everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ And they're never
gonna go back home ♪
♪ Everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ I'm never gonna be alone ♪
♪ And they're never
gonna go back home ♪
♪ Everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ I'm never gonna be alone ♪
♪ And they're never
gonna go back home ♪
("Once in a Lifetime" playing)
♪ You may find yourself
living in a shotgun shack ♪
in another part of the world ♪
♪ You may find yourself ♪
♪ Behind the wheel
of a large automobile ♪
♪ You may find yourself
in a beautiful house ♪
♪ With a beautiful wife ♪
♪ You may ask yourself ♪
♪ "Well, how did I get here?" ♪
♪ Letting the days go by ♪
♪ Let the water hold me down ♪
♪ Water flowing underground ♪
♪ Into the blue again ♪
♪ After the money's gone ♪
♪ Once in a lifetime ♪
♪ Water flowing underground ♪
♪ And you may ask yourself ♪
♪ "How do I work this?" ♪
♪ You may ask yourself ♪
"Well, where is that
large automobile?" ♪
♪ You may tell yourself ♪
♪ "This is not
my beautiful house" ♪
♪ You may tell yourself ♪
♪ "This is not
my beautiful wife" ♪
♪ Letting the days go by ♪
♪ Let the water hold me down ♪
♪ Water flowing underground ♪
♪ Into the blue again ♪
♪ After the money's gone ♪
♪ Once in a lifetime ♪
♪ Water flowing underground ♪
♪ Same as it ever was ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Water dissolving
and water removing ♪
♪ There is water
at the bottom of the ocean ♪
♪ Remove the water ♪
♪ Carry the water ♪
♪ From the bottom
of the ocean ♪
♪ Letting the days go by ♪
♪ Let the water hold me down ♪
♪ Water flowing underground ♪
♪ Into the blue again ♪
♪ Into the silent water ♪
♪ Under the rocks and stones ♪
♪ There is water underground ♪
♪ You may ask yourself ♪
♪ "What is that
beautiful house?" ♪
♪ You may ask yourself ♪
"Well, where does
that highway lead to?"
♪ You may ask yourself ♪
"Am I right? Am I wrong?"
♪ You may
say to yourself ♪
"My God,
what have I done?"
♪ Letting the days go by ♪
♪ Let the water hold me down ♪
♪ Water flowing underground ♪
♪ Into the blue again ♪
♪ Into the silent water ♪
♪ Under the rocks and stones ♪
♪ There is water underground ♪
♪ Letting the days go by ♪
♪ Let the water hold me down ♪
♪ Water flowing underground ♪
♪ Into the blue again ♪
♪ After the money's gone ♪
♪ Once in a lifetime ♪
♪ Water flowing underground ♪
♪ Same as it ever was ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Time isn't holding us ♪
♪ Time isn't after us ♪
♪ Here comes the twister now ♪
♪ Here it comes,
here it comes ♪
♪ Letting the days go by ♪
♪ Once in a lifetime ♪
Whoo!
Thank you!
("Glass, Concrete & Stone" playing)
♪ Now I'm waking
at the break of dawn ♪
♪ To send a little
money home ♪
♪ From here to the moon ♪
♪ Is rising like
a discotheque ♪
♪ And now my bags are down
and packed for traveling ♪
♪ Looking at happiness ♪
♪ Keeping my flavor fresh ♪
♪ Nobody knows, I guess,
how far I'll go ♪
♪ I know, so I'm leaving
at six o'clock ♪
♪ Meet in a parking lot ♪
♪ Harriet Hendershot ♪
♪ Sunglasses on ♪
♪ She waits by this ♪
♪ Glass
and concrete and stone ♪
♪ And it's just a house ♪
♪ Not a home ♪
♪ Skin that covers me
from head to toe ♪
♪ Except a couple
tiny holes ♪
♪ And openings ♪
♪ Where the city's
blowing in and out ♪
♪ And this is
what it's all about ♪
♪ Delightfully ♪
♪ Everything's possible
when you're an animal ♪
♪ Not inconceivable
how things can change ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ So I'm putting on
aftershave ♪
♪ Nothing is out of place ♪
♪ Gonna be on my way ♪
♪ Try to pretend ♪
♪ It's not only ♪
♪ Glass
and concrete and stone ♪
♪ And it's just
a house ♪
♪ Not a home ♪
♪ And my head ♪
♪ Is 50 feet high ♪
♪ Let my body and soul ♪
♪ Be my guide ♪
Whoo.
Thank you.
In 2016, just before the election,
I went to Charlotte, North Carolina,
to encourage people to register
if they weren't registered,
to encourage them to vote
if they were registered.
- The election was in a couple of days.
We do something similar here.
We've partnered with an
organization called HeadCount.
They have a table in the lobby.
They'll register you instantly,
instantly, no matter
what state you're from.
We also did a thing called a pledge.
The pledge consists of a clipboard
and a piece of paper,
and I would go up to people and go,
"Are you gonna vote tomorrow?
"Will you sign this piece of paper
saying that you're
gonna vote tomorrow?"
This is not a legal document.
It was just a piece of paper,
but it's been shown that
when people put their name down,
it was like they'd made
a promise to themselves,
and it increased the odds
that they would actually turn up.
The turnout for that election
was the best it had been in decades.
Fifty-five percent of us
turned out to vote.
Okay.
Local elections are another matter.
Local elections,
the average turnout is 20%.
To give you a visual idea
of what 20% looks like,
here are 20%
of the people in this theater.
Here they are.
These are the ones
that vote in local elections.
The ones up top are waving and laughing
because, well, they just
decided your future
and the future of your children.
But you guys seem to be okay with that.
Here's another
little bit of information.
The average age of
the people who turn out
to vote in local elections,
that 20%, is 57 years of age.
- Whoo!
- Oh!
There we go.
Hey.
Congratulations.
Okay, yeah, but 57?
Climate change, right?
Kids...
you're fucked.
We gotta do better than 20%, really.
Local elections do make a difference.
We gotta do better than 55% too.
("Toe Jam" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ I was asked
in New York City ♪
♪ "Do you like my clothes?" ♪
♪ I'm talking
to my tape recorder ♪
♪ Walking down the road ♪
♪ But on Friday night
I'm purified ♪
♪ Now my feet
don't touch the floor ♪
♪ When the rubber meets
the road in between my toes ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na ♪
♪ Every day
is fucking perfect ♪
♪ It's a paradise ♪
♪ I watch my life
like it's a movie ♪
♪ I had to watch it twice ♪
♪ Now, a boy looks at a girl ♪
♪ And a girl looks
like a pony ♪
♪ She gallops all day long ♪
♪ In between my toes ♪
♪ And now every night
she's purified ♪
♪ She don't do
that dance no more ♪
♪ When the rubber meets
the road in between my toes ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na ♪
♪ A member
of the Juju Nation ♪
♪ Down in New Orleans ♪
♪ You don't need
an application ♪
♪ If you move your feet ♪
♪ Explode if you poke it ♪
♪ Exposed on the floor ♪
♪ It grows if you soak it ♪
♪ It rolls out the door ♪
♪ Now it's summertime
every night ♪
♪ Now my feet
don't touch the floor ♪
♪ She don't do that dance
no more in between my toes ♪
♪ And now him and you,
you and I ♪
♪ I don't do
that dance no more ♪
♪ When the rubber meets
the road in between my toes ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na ♪
♪ ♪
♪ The lady
starts to sing ♪
♪ But she ain't
no disco dancer ♪
♪ She learned
to shake her thing ♪
♪ In between my toes ♪
♪ Explode if you poke it ♪
♪ Exposed on the floor ♪
♪ It grows if you soak it ♪
♪ It rolls out the door ♪
♪ Explode if you poke it ♪
♪ Exposed on the floor ♪
- ♪ It grows if you soak it ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na, na ♪
- ♪ Na, na, na ♪
- ♪ It rolls out the door ♪
Whoo!
Thank you.
In 2018, we toured
a concert version of this show,
and we played a lot of places.
We played San Antonio twice.
So a friend of mine came to the show,
and we were talking backstage,
and he asked me,
"Are you really playing
all that music that we hear,
"or do you have, you know,
playback and tracks
and stuff like that?"
And I said, "I have nothing
against playback and tracks,
"but in this case everything you hear
"coming off the stage
is being played
by this incredible band."
Whoo!
I figured other people were
maybe thinking the same thoughts
as my friend was thinking,
so I've continued to tell this story,
but it's not enough.
Journalists and reporters will...
they email, and would call
my office, and they go,
"I know what he says from the stage,
"but really?
Really?"
So I thought, "Okay, we have
to put this matter to rest."
To do that, I'm gonna
introduce the band,
and as I do so, you're gonna hear
how the next song is put together
right in front of your ears.
From New York City, Daniel Freedman!
♪ ♪
Toronto, Canada, Jacquelene Acevedo!
Red Bank, New Jersey, Tim Keiper!
♪ ♪
Bahia, Brazil, Gustavo di Dalva!
Joacaba, Brazil, Mauro Refosco!
♪ ♪
Montpellier, France, Stephane San Juan!
Chicago, Bobby Wooten!
♪ ♪
Milwaukee, Angie Swan!
Palo Alto, Karl Mansfield!
♪ ♪
Atlanta, Georgia, Tendayi Kuumba!
Paramus, New Jersey, Chris Giarmo!
Thank you.
("Born Under Punches" playing)
♪ All I want
is to breathe ♪
♪ Won't you
breathe with me? ♪
♪ Take a look
at these hands ♪
♪ The hands speak ♪
♪ The hand of
a government man ♪
♪ Well, I'm a tumbler ♪
♪ Born under punches ♪
♪ I'm so thin ♪
♪ All I want is to breathe ♪
♪ Breathe with me ♪
♪ Won't you breathe with me? ♪
♪ Find a little space ♪
♪ So we move in between ♪
♪ In between it ♪
♪ Keep one step
ahead of yourself ♪
♪ Don't you miss it
Don't you miss it ♪
♪ Some of you people
just about missed it ♪
♪ Last time to make plans ♪
♪ I'm a tumbler ♪
♪ I'm a government man ♪
♪ Never seen anything
like that before ♪
♪ What? ♪
♪ Falling bodies
tumble 'cross the floor ♪
♪ I said I'm a tumbler ♪
♪ When you get to
where you wanna be ♪
♪ Well, don't even mention it ♪
♪ When you get to
where you wanna be ♪
♪ Thank you, thank you ♪
♪ Take a look
at these hands ♪
♪ They were passing
in between us ♪
♪ Take a look
at these hands ♪
♪ You, uh, don't have
to mention it ♪
♪ No, thanks,
no, thanks ♪
♪ I'm a government man ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Goes on, the heat goes on ♪
♪ And the heat goes on ♪
♪ Where the hand has been ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ I'm not a drowning man ♪
♪ And the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ And I'm not a burning building ♪
- ♪ I'm a tumbler ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ Drowning cannot hurt a man ♪
♪ Where the hand has been ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ Fire cannot hurt a man ♪
- ♪ Not the government man ♪
- ♪ All I want is to breathe ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on, and the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ Is to breathe ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on ♪
♪ And the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on, and the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ Won't you breathe ♪
-♪ With me? ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba ♪
- ♪ Find a little space ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on, and the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ So we move in between ♪
- ♪ And the heat goes on ♪
- ♪ Keep one step ahead ♪
♪ Of yourself ♪
("I Dance Like This" playing)
♪ In another dimension ♪
♪ Like the clothes
that you wear ♪
♪ A mighty, mighty battle ♪
♪ Sprouting illegal hair ♪
♪ A fitness consultant ♪
♪ In the negative zone ♪
♪ Wandering the city ♪
♪ Looking for a home ♪
♪ I dance like this ♪
♪ Because it feels
so damn good ♪
♪ If I could dance better ♪
♪ Well, you know that I would ♪
♪ I'm working
on my dancing ♪
♪ This is the best I can do ♪
♪ I'm tentatively shaking ♪
♪ You don't have to look ♪
♪ I can't say I'm sorry ♪
♪ Can't say
I'm ashamed ♪
♪ I can't think of tomorrow ♪
♪ When it seems so far away ♪
♪ We dance like this ♪
♪ Yeah, oh, yeah ♪
♪ Because it feels
so damn good ♪
♪ If we could dance better ♪
♪ Well, you know
that we would ♪
♪ We dance like this ♪
♪ Because it feels
so damn good ♪
♪ If we could dance better ♪
♪ Well, you know
that we would ♪
("Bullet" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ The bullet went into him ♪
♪ His skin did part in two ♪
♪ Skin that women had touched ♪
♪ But the bullet
went on through ♪
♪ The bullet went into him ♪
♪ It went its merry way ♪
♪ Like an old gray dog ♪
♪ On a fox's trail ♪
♪ The bullet went into him ♪
♪ His stomach
filled with food ♪
♪ Many fine meals
he tasted there ♪
♪ But the bullet
went on through ♪
♪ The bullet went into him ♪
♪ It went its merry way ♪
♪ Like an old gray dog ♪
♪ On a fox's trail ♪
♪ The bullet went into him ♪
♪ Through his heart
with thoughts of you ♪
♪ Where your kisses
he inhaled ♪
♪ The lies and the truth ♪
♪ The bullet went into him ♪
♪ It traveled
up into his head ♪
♪ Through thoughts
of love and hate ♪
♪ The living and the dead ♪
♪ ♪
♪ The bullet
went into him ♪
♪ It went its merry way ♪
♪ Like an old gray dog ♪
♪ On a fox's trail ♪
Thank you.
As you can see,
we don't have any cables or wires
attached to us in these shows,
attaching to gear or equipment
or any of those kinds of things.
We're completely untethered.
We can go wherever
we like on the stage.
It's very liberating.
When I began to think about the show,
I realized that,
well, what we humans like
looking at the most is,
yeah, other humans.
More than a bicycle,
more than a beautiful sunset,
and probably more than
a bag of potato chips.
So I thought
about the show, and I wondered,
"What if we could eliminate
everything from the stage
"except the stuff
we care about the most?
What would be left?"
Well, it would be us, us and you,
and that's what the show is.
("Every Day Is a Miracle" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ The rose is pruned ♪
♪ To a perfect shape ♪
♪ Perfect for whom,
I wonder ♪
♪ The chicken thinks
in mysterious ways ♪
♪ But beauty
is not what we're after ♪
♪ Now, the chicken
imagines a heaven ♪
♪ Full of roosters
and plenty of corn ♪
♪ And God
is a very old rooster ♪
♪ And eggs are
like Jesus, his son ♪
♪ Every day is a miracle ♪
♪ Every day
is an unpaid bill ♪
♪ You've got to sing
for your supper ♪
♪ Love one another ♪
♪ A cockroach might eat
the "Mona Lisa" ♪
♪ The Pope don't mean
shit to a dog ♪
♪ And elephants
don't read newspapers ♪
♪ And the kiss
of a chicken is hot ♪
♪ The brain
of a chicken ♪
♪ And the dick
of a donkey ♪
♪ A pig in a blanket ♪
♪ And that's why
you want me ♪
♪ What does it feel like ♪
♪ To be your tongue ♪
♪ Moving around
in your mouth? ♪
♪ To feel free
in the forest of your love ♪
♪ A cockroach ♪
♪ In the cosmos
of your house ♪
♪ Every day
is a miracle ♪
is an unpaid bill ♪
♪ You've got to sing
for your supper ♪
♪ Love one another ♪
♪ Every day is a miracle ♪
♪ Every day is
an unpaid bill ♪
♪ You've got to sing
for your supper ♪
♪ Love one another ♪
♪ ♪
("Blind" playing)
Ha!
♪ Signs ♪
♪ Signs are lost ♪
♪ Signs disappeared ♪
♪ Turn invisible ♪
♪ Got no sign ♪
♪ Somebody got busted ♪
♪ Got a face of stone ♪
♪ And a ghostwritten
biography ♪
♪ You know, well,
dogs start to rush in ♪
♪ And they're
looking for food ♪
♪ Dogs start to rush in
and they're looking at you ♪
♪ It was light ♪
♪ By five ♪
♪ Torn all apart ♪
♪ All in the name
of democracy ♪
♪ He's hurt! ♪
♪ He's dying ♪
♪ They claimed
he was a terrorist ♪
♪ Claimed to avert
a catastrophe ♪
♪ Oh, well, someone
should've told him ♪
♪ That the buck
stops here ♪
♪ Someone should have said
he was involved with thieves ♪
-♪ And they're blind ♪
- ♪ Blind ♪
♪ Blind, blind,
blind, blind, blind ♪
- ♪ Blind ♪
♪ Blind, blind,
blind, blind, blind ♪
♪ ♪
♪ No sense of harmony ♪
♪ No sense of time ♪
♪ Don't mention harmony ♪
♪ Say, "What is it?
What is it? What is it?" ♪
♪ Give a little shock
and he raises his hand ♪
♪ Somebody shouts out, says, ♪
♪ "What is it? What is it?
What is it?" ♪
♪ He was shot down
in the night ♪
♪ People ride by,
but his body's still alive ♪
♪ The girl in the window,
what has she done? ♪
♪ She looks down
at me and says ♪
♪ "I don't wanna die" ♪
-♪ And they're blind ♪
- ♪ Blind ♪
♪ Blind, blind,
blind, blind, blind ♪
-♪ They're blind ♪
- ♪ Blind ♪
♪ Blind, blind,
blind, blind, blind ♪
♪ Now, someone should have
told me where to go ♪
♪ Crawling all around ♪
♪ Looking for
foot, foot, footprints ♪
♪ Now tell me, what the hell
have we become? ♪
♪ Some dirty little bastards? ♪
♪ What the hell
is going on? ♪
♪ No sense of harmony ♪
♪ No sense of time ♪
♪ Don't mention harmony ♪
♪ Say, "What is it?
What is it? What is it?" ♪
♪ Give a little shock
and he raises his hand ♪
♪ Somebody
shouts out, says, ♪
♪ "What is it?
What is it? What is it?" ♪
♪ He was shot down
in the night ♪
♪ People ride by ♪
♪ But his body's still alive ♪
♪ Girl in the window,
what has she done? ♪
♪ She looks down
at me and says ♪
♪ "I don't wanna die" ♪
-♪ And they're blind ♪
- ♪ Blind ♪
♪ Blind, blind,
blind, blind, blind ♪
- ♪ Yeah, they're blind ♪
- ♪ Blind ♪
- ♪ Yeah, blind ♪
♪ Blind, blind,
blind, blind, blind ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ ♪
("Burning Down the House" playing)
♪ Ahh ♪
♪ Watch out ♪
♪ You might get
what you're after ♪
♪ Cool babies ♪
♪ Strange but not a stranger ♪
♪ I'm an ordinary guy ♪
♪ Burning down the house ♪
♪ Hold tight ♪
♪ Wait till the party's over ♪
♪ We're in for nasty weather ♪
♪ There has got to be a way ♪
♪ Burning down the house ♪
♪ Here's your ticket ♪
♪ Pack your bag ♪
♪ It's time
for jumping overboard ♪
♪ Transportation is here ♪
♪ Close enough
but not too far ♪
♪ Maybe you know
where you are ♪
♪ Fightin' fire with fire ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ All wet ♪
♪ Hey, you might
need a raincoat ♪
♪ Shakedown ♪
♪ Dreams walking
in broad daylight ♪
♪ Three hundred
and sixty-five degrees ♪
♪ Burning down the house ♪
♪ It was once upon a place ♪
♪ Sometimes
I listen to myself ♪
♪ Gonna come in first place ♪
♪ People on their way
to work said ♪
♪ "Baby, what did
you expect?" ♪
♪ Gonna burst into flame ♪
♪ Well, go ahead ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Burning down the house ♪
♪ My house
is out of the ordinary ♪
♪ That's right ♪
♪ Don't wanna hurt nobody ♪
♪ Some things sure
can sweep me off my feet ♪
♪ Burning down the house ♪
♪ No visible means of support ♪
♪ And you have not
seen nothing yet ♪
♪ Everything's
stuck together ♪
♪ And I don't know
what you expect ♪
♪ Staring into the TV set ♪
♪ Fight fire with fire ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Burning down the house ♪
Whoo!
Brr-rr.
♪ ♪
♪ Burning down the house ♪
Thank you!
Thank you.
The next song was written by
the actress and singer Janelle Monáe.
She sang it at
the Women's March in Washington
a few years ago.
I was there.
I wrote to her a little bit afterwards
and asked what she would
think of a white man
of a certain age
singing this particular song.
The reason'll be clear in a minute.
She loved the idea.
She said the song is for everyone,
that it's for humanity.
It'll be obvious
the song is a protest song.
It's also a requiem,
a requiem for lives that have
been senselessly taken.
I also see the song
as being about possibility,
the possibility of change,
not just in
the imperfect world out there
but in myself, too.
I also need to change.
("Hell You Talmbout" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ Hell you ♪
♪ Hell you talmbout? ♪
- ♪ Eric Garner ♪
- ♪ Say his name ♪
- ♪ Trayvon Martin ♪
- ♪ Botham Jean ♪
- ♪ Say his name ♪
-♪ Botham Jean ♪
♪ Hell you talmbout? ♪
- ♪ Freddie Gray ♪
- ♪ Say his name ♪
- ♪ Atatiana Jefferson ♪
- ♪ Say her name ♪
- ♪ Sandra Bland ♪
-♪ Sandra Bland ♪
- ♪ Say her name ♪
♪ Hell you talmbout? ♪
- ♪ Sean Bell ♪
- ♪ Say his name ♪
- ♪ Marielle Franco ♪
- ♪ Say her name ♪
- ♪ Emmett Till ♪
- ♪ Say his name ♪
-♪ Emmett Till ♪
♪ Hell you talmbout? ♪
- ♪ Tommy Yancy ♪
- ♪ Say his name ♪
- ♪ Jordan Baker ♪
- ♪ Amadou Diallo ♪
- ♪ Say his name ♪
-♪ Amadou Diallo ♪
♪ Hell you talmbout? ♪
Thank you.
The writer James Baldwin said,
"I still believe
"that we can do with this country
something that has
not been done before."
And this,
this from a man who has suffered
lifelong oppression and discrimination.
Despite all that's happened
and despite all that's still happening
I think there's still a possibility.
We're a work in progress.
We're not fixed.
Our brains can change.
Maybe those millions
of connections in our brains
that got pruned and eliminated
when we were babies
somehow get kind of reestablished,
only now instead of being in our heads,
they're between us and other people.
Who we are is thankfully not just here,
but it extends beyond ourselves
through the connections
between all of us.
("One Fine Day" playing)
♪ Saw the wandering eye
inside my heart ♪
♪ Shouts and battle cries
from every part ♪
♪ I can see those tears ♪
♪ Every one is true ♪
♪ When the door appears ♪
♪ I'll go right ♪
♪ Through ♪
♪ In a small, dark room ♪
♪ Where I will wait ♪
♪ Face to face
I find I contemplate ♪
♪ Even though
a man is made of clay ♪
♪ Everything can change ♪
♪ That one fine ♪
♪ One fine day ♪
♪ Then before my eyes ♪
♪ Is standing still ♪
♪ I beheld it there,
a city on a hill ♪
♪ I complete my tasks
one by one ♪
♪ I remove my masks
when I am done ♪
♪ Then a peace of mind
fell over me ♪
♪ In these troubled times
I still can see ♪
♪ We can use the stars
to guide the way ♪
♪ It is not that far ♪
♪ That one fine ♪
♪ One fine day ♪
♪ Hope ♪
♪ Oh, I have hope ♪
♪ I have hope ♪
♪ I have... ♪
♪ Hope ♪
Whoo!
Thank you!
Whoo-hoo!
Whoo!
♪ Well, we know
where we're going ♪
♪ But we don't know
where we've been ♪
♪ And we know
what we're knowing ♪
♪ But we can't say
what we've seen ♪
♪ And we're not
little children ♪
♪ And we know
what we want ♪
♪ And the future is certain ♪
♪ Give us time to work it out ♪
("Road to Nowhere" playing)
♪ We're on a road
to nowhere ♪
♪ Come on inside ♪
♪ Taking that ride
to nowhere ♪
♪ We'll take that ride ♪
♪ I'm feeling okay
this morning ♪
♪ And you know ♪
♪ We're on the road
to paradise ♪
♪ Here we go ♪
♪ ♪
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
♪ Come on inside ♪
♪ Taking that ride to nowhere ♪
♪ We'll take that ride ♪
♪ Maybe you wonder
where you are ♪
♪ I don't care ♪
♪ Here is where time
is on our side ♪
♪ Take you there ♪
♪ ♪
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
Ha! Ha!
Ooh! Ooh!
♪ There's a city in my mind ♪
♪ Come along
and take that ride ♪
♪ And it's all right ♪
♪ Baby, it's all right ♪
♪ And it's very far away ♪
♪ But it's growing
day by day ♪
♪ And it's all right ♪
♪ Baby, it's all right ♪
♪ Would you like
to come along? ♪
♪ You can help me
sing this song ♪
♪ And it's all right ♪
♪ Baby, it's all right ♪
♪ Don't let them
tell you what to do ♪
♪ 'Cause they'll make
a fool of you ♪
♪ And it's all right ♪
♪ Baby, it's all right ♪
♪ There's a city in my mind ♪
♪ Come along
and take that ride ♪
♪ And it's all right ♪
♪ Baby, it's all right ♪
♪ And it's very far away ♪
♪ But it's growing day by day ♪
♪ And it's all right ♪
♪ Baby, it's all right ♪
♪ Would you like
to come along? ♪
♪ You can help me
sing this song ♪
♪ And it's all right ♪
♪ Baby, it's all right ♪
♪ Don't let them
tell you what to do ♪
♪ They'll make
a fool of you ♪
♪ And it's all right ♪
♪ Baby, it's all right ♪
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
Yee-haw!
♪ ♪
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
You better believe it, baby!
Everybody, now, move 'em out!
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
Yep! Yep!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
Yee-haw!
Hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup, hup!
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
Come on!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
Yee-haw!
You better believe it, baby!
♪ We're on a road to nowhere ♪
Whoo!
Oh, my God. You okay?
Yeah.
Nice job with that balloon.
- Yeah. Right?
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God!
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
That's the shit right there.
- That was, like...
- That's the shit right there.
That's it.
That's my boy!
That's how you do it!
That's how you...
Man.
- We need a hype man.
- "Now we're home free."
That's right.
World Star.
Now we're home free.
- Thank you, David.
- Oh, thank you.
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about.
- That's it, right there.
- Whoo!
See you at rehearsal...
("Everybody's Coming
To My House" playing)
♪ I wish I was a camera ♪
♪ I wish I was a postcard ♪
♪ I welcome you to my house ♪
♪ You didn't have to go far ♪
♪ A house and a garden ♪
♪ There's plants and trees ♪
♪ Make a,
a closer inspection ♪
♪ If you get
down to your knees ♪
♪ Everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ And we're never
gonna be alone ♪
♪ And everybody's ♪
♪ Coming to my house ♪
♪ And we're never
gonna go back ♪
♪ Home ♪
♪ I'm pointing and describing ♪
♪ And I can be your guide ♪
♪ The skin
is just a road map ♪
♪ The view is very nice ♪
♪ Imagine looking
at a picture ♪
♪ Imagine driving in a car ♪
♪ Imagine rolling down
the window ♪
♪ Imagine opening the door ♪
♪ Everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ I'm never gonna be alone ♪
♪ And we're never
gonna go back home ♪
♪ We're only tourists
in this life ♪
♪ Only tourists ♪
♪ But the view
is nice ♪
♪ And we're never
gonna be alone ♪
♪ And we're never gonna
go back home ♪
♪ We're only tourists
in this life ♪
♪ Only tourists,
but the view ♪
♪ Is nice ♪
♪ And we're never
gonna be alone ♪
gonna go back home ♪
♪ Everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ I'm never
gonna be alone ♪
♪ And we're never
gonna go back home ♪
♪ Everybody's
coming to my house ♪
♪ I'm never gonna ♪
♪ Be alone ♪
♪ And we're never ♪
gonna go back home ♪
Ay, ay, ay, ay. Ay, ay.
Ay, ay, ay, ay.